Add documentation for the TrafficExtension API (#17322)
istio/istio.io: content/en/news/releases/1.12.x/announcing-1.12/_index.md

## WebAssembly API

> [WebAssembly](/docs/concepts/extensibility/trafficextension/) has been an important project, in development for [over 3 years](/blog/2020/wasm-announce/), to bring advanced extensibility to Istio, by allowing users to dynamically load custom-built extensions at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[WebAssembly](/docs/concepts/extensibility/trafficextension/) has been an important project, in development [since 2020](/blog/2020/wasm-announce/), to bring advanced extensibility to Istio, by allowing users to dynamically load custom-built extensions at runtime.
```

However, until now, configuring WebAssembly plugins has been experimental and hard to use.

> In Istio 1.12, we have improved this experience by adding a first-class API to configure WebAssembly plugins: [WasmPlugin](/docs/reference/config/proxy_extensions/wasm-plugin/).

Reviewer: do we need to refer to the long gone version here. maybe 
```suggestion
refer to WasmPlugin](/docs/reference/config/proxy_extensions/wasm-plugin/) as a reference for API to configure WebAssembly plugins: [WasmPlugin](/docs/reference/config/proxy_extensions/wasm-plugin/).
```

Author: The problem would be that we now link to the older API.
